Good evening, everybody. Or good morning or good evening family, wherever you are.
I'm thankful for every single one of you being here with us. Last night was different.
I didn't feel like we quite pushed over what we needed to in the time frame we had.
I told Diana after it was over that I felt like we were just right there and we didn't get there.
I was kind of annoyed with it, trying to do this in a matter of just two hours. I'll try to talk less tonight and pray more.
We're so thankful for every single one of you, and thank you for being here.
I want to go over some of the things the Lord showed us last night.
Braden has some things for you all that he worked hard on today to show you what's going on in the news related to what we prayed over.
One of the things I think is really neat is the Lord showed us about praying over schools and mass shootings.
Yesterday, a video showed a hero Oklahoma school principal tackle a gunman who was allegedly inspired by the Columbine massacre.
Can we show the clip? The principal took him down immediately.
He was shot in the leg, but watch how fast he moves. The principal is on him.
I believe that's a result of prayer. The young man was deranged and said he was inspired by Columbine.
He had over 100 rounds and was going to go in and do whatever he thought he was going to do. Prayer changes things.
I want to give all the glory to God because this was Oklahoma and that principal was a hero.
He took that young man out. The principal was shot, but thank God they kicked the gun away. Isn't Jesus wonderful?
I don't know why that principal was on alert like that so quickly, but isn't Jesus wonderful that this happened yesterday?
I believe that is a result of prayer. He said he was going to try to do something like Columbine.
It's time to give God praise whenever we see something like that happen.
That principal was ready to tackle that kid in seconds. How did he know? I would say by the leading of the Holy Spirit.
A major thing happened yesterday in the state of Oklahoma in Purcell, I believe, or Pauls Valley.
It's down closer to Ardmore, closer to Texas, but it's pretty amazing what the Lord did there. Moving on, this is in Australia.
They used to have eight refineries for oil and gas, and now they are down to only two active refineries.
One of Australia's oil refineries is burning. I told you to pray over the refineries.
I saw refineries burning, and the Lord said you must pray over them in America.
This is a major fire in Australia, similar to what I saw happening in Tuttle and the Gulf Coast.
Braden thought we should show this because of the seriousness of the hour.
I told you to pray over our refineries because I saw sabotage.
I saw them trying to take out our refineries, which would be a major blow to the American economy for what Trump is trying to do right now.
Also, the Pentagon is ramping up plans for a possible op in Cuba, according to USA Today, in case Trump gives the order to intensify there.
Two days ago, I heard a sound like horns, and the Lord said it's time to liberate Cuba.
It's time for a major revival in Cuba. Now the Pentagon is ramping up plans.
I told you it would happen quickly. The Lord said, 'Watch Cuba.'I saw the leader of Cuba had a double.
The one they take out is not him, and they don't realize this until the other guy is gone.
He goes to Mexico, and Claudia is harboring him at a resort. I saw the resort with guards and machine guns.
He was drinking cocktails by a pool, wearing a white linen shirt and a fedora, smoking a cigar and bragging that the United States didn't get him.
He left the island on a boat with stacks of hundred-dollar bills.
He went to the Dominican Republic and then flew to Mexico in a private jet that looked like a Gulfstream.
I believe the liberation of Cuba is coming sooner than later.
I feel it in my spirit that God is about to do something huge for the Cuban people.
They've been under oppression for decades, and the Lord is going to take the boot off the people. This dictator is about to go down.
I saw a snake slithering on the land of Cuba, and a massive foot—Jesus'foot—came out of heaven and smashed that cobra's head.
I saw the glory of the Lord rise over Cuba. This was the same night I saw the things about Coachella.
The Trump administration is breaking ground on a new gas pipeline in New York City.
The project is estimated to power 2.3 million homes and lower costs. Trump wants to open up gas lines. Drill, baby, drill.
The Lord said he's going to open up gas lines and oil lines all over America.
You're going to see a major economic boom. That's why it's so important that we pray for our refineries.
I saw them being a major target for drones flying in with C4. Hopefully, they are wise enough to have scanners to block these things.
But I saw sabotage. Now, President Trump is in... what is that?
Pipeline across America. President Trump is a builder. He wants to build pipelines all across America.
The Lord told us he was going to do this. And that's pretty neat, huh? To see it in the news.
Fox, we heard it first by the spirit of the Lord and then Fox News hears it, right?
Maybe they watch us. It would be kind of neat if they did. But Trump approves North Dakota's pipeline. You see that breaking?
The Lord said it: "Trump approves North Dakota pipeline."They're going to have pipelines everywhere.
I said watch what the Lord said: "They're going to have oil; drill, baby, drill."And there it is in the news again, backing what the Lord says, helping you all understand that we ain't flaky up in here.
Next. Remember what I told you about CarMax? I said I was driving down by CarMax and the Lord said CarMax is in trouble. Does anybody remember that?
Tell us in the comment section if you remember whenever I was driving down the road and I saw it out the corner of my eye when I was driving in Tulsa and the Lord said CarMax is in trouble.
I said, "Well, okay, that's interesting."But I just hear these things when I'm driving down the road and the Lord says this stuff to me and I just listen.
I just repeat it like a parrot to you because he's the main voice.
I hear him. And then here, CarMax just lost 121 million. Here's what it means for used car prices in 2026.
The Lord said it. And I saw a bankruptcy coming. I saw stores closing nationwide in the vision as I was driving down the road.
Is that financial advice? No, it's not financial advice; it's my opinion.
I can miss it. They could rebound tomorrow and be the best company in the world.
But I'm telling you what I feel the Lord told me. So, am I human? I can miss it. All of us can, right? We're just human.
But isn't Jesus wonderful that he shows us some things like this and he tells us things in advance?
I have videos to prove it. You can come on there and find them. But isn't Jesus wonderful? Not Brandon.
I just tell you what he says as I'm driving down the road, but it could just be flesh. Next.
Yeah, he had the asteroid and then he's saying "attack."A rare asteroid will soon be visible to the naked eye in a rare celestial event.
According to astronomers, what do they see coming? That's what the Lord said.
They see something coming and it will not miss Earth. It will actually hit.
Is this it? I don't know, probably not. Oh, no. That is 2029, son.
Wow, that's it. What do they call it? "God of Chaos"asteroid to pass close to Earth in 2029. I don't think it's going to pass. Just saying.
I think that's probably the one the Lord's been warning us about that it's actually going to hit.
Isn't that a really strange name to call it? Yeah, "God of Chaos."They know something's coming.
I told you. That's why they're all talking about the moon and all this stuff right now.
As of April 1st, the Lord said, "Guess what will happen?"He says, "Signs in the heavens."He said, "You will start to see signs in the heavens."I saw meteors flying so close to the Earth that it busted all the glass out of the houses and cars like a sonic boom.
But it made people go deaf, their ears ringing because of the power and the force of this coming into the atmosphere.
And I saw major signs that would be so much so that they would be fearful sights that you will see that will bring you to your knees.
That's what the Lord said. And I heard it so clear whenever I saw these meteors coming in and they were big, and then glass flying everywhere.
I saw it go over the Northeast. It went over the Nebraska area all the way across.
It looked like... you could hear it. It sounded like a train. Massive train, boom! And all the glass. It was incredible.
I did all the sound effects extra for you, so you'd have a glass fella. Are you done, son? Is that it? Now I can move.
NASA's program targets a 2027 moon landing at the lunar south pole, aiming to build a base, use resources like ice for fuel and water, and pave the way for future missions to Mars.
Why? What's the hurry all of a sudden? What do you see? I told you I saw them at a table.
I was allowed to go to the meeting. The Lord took me to the meeting.
I saw the people with all the computer screens and all kinds of stuff in this room. I saw blueprints on the table.
I was allowed to zoom in on them and I could see the mathematical equations, and they were putting them into AI, and AI said this is not going to miss Earth.
It's going to hit. Well, they tried to talk themselves out of it.
But China had four scientists I watched and I was allowed to go to China and I could hear the Chinese talking and they were in a panic and they're coming up with a plan right now to ram a rocket into the side of an asteroid to push it off course.
And China said, "This is our plan."So they have this rocket—you can find it, it's all on there.
We're going to find this rocket and we're going to run it into the side of an asteroid to avert it from hitting the Earth, and we're going to practice in the days ahead.
The Lord told me the Chinese are more convinced than the Americans.
Even AI and the things China plans on: "advancing mission to strike asteroid."Look at that.
See, that's what the Lord said. I was in the meeting. The Lord allowed me to go and I could hear them talking.
And these scientists were freaking out trying to come up with a plan.
"How do we stop it from hitting the earth?"they thought. And there were four of them in particular.
They were wearing white jackets—white robes that went to their legs.
And they were panicking as they came out of this room. Especially this one man; he was talking so quickly.
I know the Asian language sounds really fast to me anyway because I'm American, right?
But I could hear him talking and they were yelling back and forth, and the one guy was in a total panic as he had the mathematical equations and I watched him do the math.
It was on a big table. The Lord allows me to see this stuff for whatever reason and I just bring it to you.
But they're planning it now. They're going to try to help you.
It ain't going to do nothing. It's going to hit. The Lord said this will hit the earth in the days ahead.
There will be no praying it away. He said it lines up with the word.
It's called Wormwood. Ready to move on. Clarity Act update: Chainlink. Look at that.
Executives say banks are pushing extremely hard to block crypto yield features.
I said they were at a meeting. I was allowed to go to that one too.
There were bankers on this side and there were crypto people on the other side.
And the banks were fighting. They did not want crypto to have clarity.
And I saw turbulence outside the banks. Chase Manhattan Bank had a hold of it with a rocket.
They were holding the rocket down and they had a lasso around it with three other banks: Bank of America, Wells Fargo, and Chase Bank.
BlackRock was in the distance. They had a hold of it and they were holding it back because they didn't want to lose what they believed was rightfully theirs.
There it is. Clarity Act update: Chainlink executives say banks are pushing extremely hard to block crypto.
That's what the Lord said. Not financial advice or anything.
I don't go into the depth of it because I have people that are very immature.
I'm not a financial advisor. I tell you, I see in part; I hear in part.
I don't know the timing of a lot of these things. What part of that do people not understand?
I'm not allowed to see the whole thing. I'm only allowed to tell you certain things whenever I see it.
And the Lord said, 'You can bring this to them.'It's not financial advice.
I just thought it was interesting because it lined up with what we saw, all in my opinion.
All right, next. He said he's going to fire him. President says he will fire Federal Chair Jerome Powell if he does not resign.
'It's time for you to go. You're fired. You're fired. You're fired.
Go. I don't like you.'Pam Bondi is next. Oh, no, she's already gone.
Sorry. Who's next? Jerome. He's on my list. Yeah, you're fired.
Remember The Apprentice? So, it's the truth. I'm going to like you.
So, I thought his job is over. I told you he had a help wanted sign, looking for a job in May, right?
I thought his time is over. Okay, ready? President Trump says interest rates will drop once Kevin Warsh becomes Fed chair.
'You're fired.'I saw, and I said, 'Watch the housing market.'I said it was transparent.
I said, 'You said, what does it mean to walk a pig?'I said you can present a pig, you can make a pig look pretty, but at the end, even if you put lipstick on it, it's still a pig. And I saw things like this, and that's what I said.
I try not to talk about economic stuff very much, or about sports—who I see winning games, championships, things like that—because I didn't realize how many of you all would try to gamble and do things that you do.
And you tell me, 'I did this, I did that.'I'm like, 'My God, why would you do that?'But you know, that's why I have to be wise in what I say because it's not financial advice.
It's just my opinion. You've got a lot of immature people. People say, 'What is a sister clipboard, Brennan?
Can you tell me what that means?'Somebody who is a busybody in the body of Christ, always butting into people's business.
A sister clipboard is kind of like what I would call—instead of offending people because I have a lot of women named Karen on here and I don't try to be offensive—a spiritual Karen.
What the world would call a Karen. I love you, Karen. I love Karens, but the world teases about the name.
They call them Karens. I just decided to call you a sister clipboard instead of a Karen because I offended Karens.
There's a lot of Karens that got offended about it and I got the emails.
So I decided, 'Hey, we'll call you sister clipboard instead of Karen.'Okay.
So that's what that came out of. I named them that because I didn't want to offend the Karens anymore.
If you remember, you've got one that said the hair and all the stuff—you can picture whoever you want her to look like.
If she has a bun in her hair, if she looks like whatever, I don't care.
I'm not going to paint it for you. I just call them that because they're busybodies.
These people that I'm talking about are busybodies and they call by the thousands to police departments after I give the word, and they think they're going to go and tell every police station around America what I've said.
And you've got the FBI and everybody reaching out to me saying, 'We've heard this.'I know y'all are watching.
Thank you for watching, FBI. Thank you for watching, sheriff's departments and local law enforcement, even maybe the CIA.
I believe the Lord has put me in this position to pray, but we don't need Sister Karen or Sister Clipboard calling up the police department warning them about all the words.
If they know, they watch. And that's why I call you clipboards, because you're always up in people's business.
It's like, 'Sit down, pray, and keep yourself to yourself.'You're not helping nobody.
Keyboard warrior: 'I've got to fix everything. Oh my God, what's on Facebook?'It's like chill, chill.
You've got to chill. That's why I didn't say what I saw last night.
And the Lord told me, 'Why didn't you say that?'I said, 'Because of the clipboards.'And he said, 'Don't fear the clipboards.
Fear me.'I said, 'I get it.'So, I'll tell you what I saw last night.
You want to hear what I saw last night? Why I got quiet and didn't say nothing? Because I had to process what I was seeing.
I said, 'Lord, I'll fix it tomorrow.'So, who wants to hear it for the next ten minutes?
And I'm going to move on. We've got to pray. All right. This is what I saw. I saw President Trump not making it.
I saw an anointing of passing and President Trump didn't make his full term.
Something happens. That's all I'm going to say. I saw Vice President JD Vance become president.
I saw Rubio become vice president. In this, I saw the Lord said, 'Pray for them.'I heard it very clear.
The Lord said you need to pray for the next that's coming. They need prayer, too.
I've always focused my prayers only on Donald Trump. And as I saw this happen, I saw an event and I saw JD Vance come on the scene.
When I saw this, I saw Erica Kirk again. And Erica Kirk was consoling America because of her experience with her late husband.
I saw her comforting people because she had walked through the valley. It was very detailed.
I saw her being like a spokesperson because Usha was not there; it was more her.
I saw a man rise up beside Erica who was polished. The Lord said specifically, 'Do not be unequally yoked with unbelievers.
If you marry unequally, you're opening a door. You must marry a believing believer such as yourself.'And that was to every person.
Doesn't matter if they seem polished, they would help. If they ain't a Christian, don't marry them.
If they're into another kind of religion, don't marry them.
And I saw this was concerning JD. I warned him. The Lord said—now, do I say too much?
You ask. I have nothing to hide from nobody. I tell you, and I told the Lord, I'm bold as a lion.
I'll say exactly what I see and I'll tell you what's coming next in the vision.
I saw patriots that were like militia and they took over the Mississippi River with airboats.
They had big fans and they had AKs and they had guns that were not semi-automatic; they were automatic.
I don't know where they got them, but they were military. And I saw them.
They looked like bikers with vests on and they had patches all over their vests for what they were—helicopter pilots and special ops and all kinds of things.
But they had patches of snakes and things on their vests. And I saw these men that had big burly beards and some of them just looked like they were bald and they were older, like my dad's age.
probably in their 60s, maybe 70s, I don't know. But these men looked like they were not wanting to mess around. They were serious and they were trained killers.
I was looking at these men that said, 'I have sworn to the Constitution to protect against foreign and domestic.'And I saw them rise up and they were blocking roads and they had military checkpoints and they had places of refuge of what they called like military camps.
They had heavy artillery, lots of stuff, homemade explosives. I'm talking this looked like something out of a movie.
But they were groups and they were set up in bases across our nation.
And that's what I saw. I saw Texas secede from the nation and become its own.
I saw walls, like in the spirit, dividing Texas from Louisiana and Texas from Mexico, and Oklahoma became a part of Texas. I saw they were friends. I saw crops.
I saw homemade gardens, and the Lord reminded me of the book 'One Second After,''One Minute After,''One Second.'Show them the cover.
And the Lord said, "This is something you need to pray about."I saw civil war break out in our nation.
I saw it divided again. I saw it was the Democrats versus the Republicans.
Show them. Now, I am not promoting this book. This is what I saw in the spirit when I was praying.
Okay, show them. I'm moving on. And I saw checkpoints. I saw it was like a police state, but it was not a police state.
It was the local law enforcement, the sheriff's department, who had jurisdiction over the whole area, were coordinating and were working beside military people that were like Desert Storm and Iraqi Freedom.
The military people that were retired were no longer retired.
They were defending our own nation, foreign and domestic, as something was trying to come over our nation to take it over.
Does that make sense? But it was a deep state; it was something very dark being planned.
But I saw Rubio and I saw JD Vance. And the Lord said, "Pray for them."I saw a diffusing, with a man speaking peace.
I saw he was good with his mouth, and it was diffusing the people from uprising. All this was very strong.
So whenever I'm seeing things, I don't know what to do with a lot of it because I'm seeing darkness. I'm seeing catastrophe and I don't know.
And there's a lot of times when I'm seeing it, you say, "Well, Brandon, why don't you tell me what you're seeing at that moment?"I'm seeing it.
I don't know what to do with it. All I know how to do is to pray. And I know I'm on a live camera, so I'm not afraid of what I see.
I pray for our president. I pray for JD Vance. I pray for Marco Rubio. I pray for these people.
But it's very real to me when I'm seeing over in the spirit and I see these military and I see these pontoon boats. I see people.
And the Lord said, "One second after."So I'm like, "Are we struck by another nation?"I want you to think about what I'm saying because I'm not going to directly say it.
One second after. What is the book? What happens? Why are the trees burnt?
When I said I saw JD with a trench coat on walking through these trees that look charred by something, what happened?
Why? Why would that happen? Why was he there? Why was he alone?
There was snow—some kind of ash all over the ground. It looked like snow.
Something was wrong. And I said all the trees were bare, seven of them.
There was something to this. And that's when the Lord said, "Pray for this.
Pray for JD Vance. You don't pray for him enough. You don't pray for Marco Rubio.
You've just been praying over Trump."So I stopped, not knowing what to do with what I was given.
And I started interceding for JD Vance and Marco Rubio. So did I do it in ten minutes?
I tried. So can we stop it? I believe we could. I believe we can protect President Trump.
I believe the Lord said to carry him across the finish line. But I see some kind of an event from another country.
Do you remember when I told you down the Mississippi River I saw North Korea with the black and white rocket?
It said USSR on the top side of it. And they were going to get oats out of something on the Mississippi River.
And they shot the rocket off over that area down the Mississippi, and it said USSR on it.
It was black and white. And when they did, it didn't get high enough. And I saw an EMP in the spirit. Does anybody remember that?
And I said, "It went off out of the Mississippi."And they were shooting it off over Kentucky, Tennessee, that area, but it didn't get high enough.
So when it went off, it didn't affect Oklahoma. It didn't affect Texas.
It didn't affect parts of Florida, but it really affected the East. These are the same visions I saw.
And that's when I stopped and I said, "Am I looking into the tribulation?
Surely this is not now."I can see the tribulation being really bad in America.
You know, is JD Vance here for the tribulation? Is Marco Rubio?
They both say they're believers. I don't know. That's why I try to weigh everything out.
I'm just real with y'all because I'm like, Marco Rubio says he's a believer.
So if the rapture of the church happened, I believe Marco Rubio is going to be there.
JD Vance says he loves the Lord too, so he should be going too.
And then there's people, "Well, I don't believe that."That's why I said I'm not going to argue whether or not we have a rapture or we don't.
That's why I tried to be really cautious of that because there's people that come, "Brandon, you are so wrong.
We're going through the whole tribulation."I said, "Well, if you're right and we're here, then I don't see how it could be possible, but if it is and you're right, then my goodness, I hope you're ready because it's literal hell on earth."So the things I see, I try to pinpoint: is this something we can stop?
Is this something that is bound to happen? I know President Trump only has two and a half years left, right?
But I didn't see him when this took place. I did not see him. He was not there.
So he was gone. Something happened to him. But JD was there and Marco Rubio was there. So what does that mean?
I don't want to add to, "Well, somebody did something bad to Trump."So I started praying for his kids. I don't know. All I saw was JD Vance and Marco Rubio.
So he was vice president and JD Vance was president and I saw an event, but then I heard Erica trying to console the people.
So I don't know what happened. Why would she be consoling the people? What was she doing?
She was on camera and she was a spokesperson and she was talking about Charlie.
And so I thought it was interesting. So I just try to give you what I saw.
Like I said, I have nothing to hide, but I'm going to tell you this: I pray for President Trump until the Lord assigns me to do something else.
And I pray for JD Vance now. And I'm praying for Marco Rubio. And I'm praying for our nation.
And I'm praying for freedom fighters or warriors, whatever they are, that they'll protect America and serve them.
We have our FBI, our people. But what was interesting in this, I did not see FBI.
I did not see CIA or whatever. I saw veterans. Why? Where were the other law enforcement people?
I don't know, NSA. So I say this to say, that's why I'm always not quick to release it.
But like I said, the Lord said to me, "Why do you hold things back sometimes?"I said, "Because of sister clipboards.
I told you to pray. What you do with it is on you. It's not my responsibility to spoon-feed you.
If you want to choke on it, choke on it. If you can't handle it, go watch somebody else.
But I'm here to tell you, we're in a place, a time like we've never been before.
And we must pray for our president and get him across the finish line.
We must pray for our vice president because I hadn't been praying for him because I don't like JD Vance.
I'm just being real with you. I pray for him a little. I tiptoe around it.
I'm like, 'I'll pray for Trump because I really like him, but it's hard for me to like JD Vance sometimes.'I think he's kind of cocky, but you know what?
I go, 'Okay, well, I'm going to pray for him.'And the Lord said, 'You don't pray for him enough.
You need to pray for him.'Now, He corrected me strong last night.
And He said, 'And not only pray for him, pray for Marco Rubio.'Because I saw an anointing coming on the two of them to lead the nation soon.
And I thought, "What is that?"But it looked like some kind of an endowment.
It looked like some kind, you know, like knighting. It was like a cloak coming on JD Vance and Marco Rubio.
And I saw this thing coming on them. And the Lord said, "Pray for them. Don't wait until it happens. Do it now.
Pray for him."So that's why I did what I did last night, just letting you know.
That's heavy. I feel the anointing hit me. But I'm going to tell you what else he said.
He said, "There will be no one to save America other than me."He said to me, "What's the difference between Obama and all the things that I've seen concerning Trump?"He said, "Barack Obama was the world, and the church didn't idolize Obama."He said, "Do you remember whenever Brother Hagin and Smith Wigglesworth said the moment you start looking at them as the savior and able to fix everything, the moment they are usually removed?"And Brother Hagin said, "I always make sure I attract to deflect, to always give God praise.
I always give all the glory to Jesus because as soon as people start looking at you, I know that I will be removed."You want me to say that again?
Brother Hagin knew the difference between the balance of attract to deflect. Always give Jesus the praise.
The moment man keeps their eyes on you to fix or as the healer, the moment that your time is almost up on this earth, something happens.
The same thing happened to Smith Wigglesworth and the articles in the paper.
And he said, "Oh, poor Smith."He told everybody the moment they started looking at me, he knew his time was done.
And Smith Wigglesworth went home. He realized that he is not the source of the power. The power only flows through a vessel.
And the Lord said, "I'll share my glory with no one."And they idolize, and it's idolatry to me the way the body of Christ is looking at him.
He was very stern about it. He shook me. He said, "The church, there is a perversion the way they look at Trump. The church is in perversion.
It's idolatry the way they are looking at him."And I know I'm making some of you mad as a hornet, but that's what he said.
"There will be no other gods."And he said, "Brandon, the difference between the world and Obama—how they looked at him and the way all this is going—is,"he said, "You're my church.
The church is a totally different thing than the world."He said, "You're separate unto me.
You're my bride."And he said, "My bride is looking to a man and it's idolatry to fix everything."And whenever somebody puts the pressure—when he puts a picture out and they defend him to death, "Oh, there's a healing and he has Jesus's cloak on"and all this stuff—the church is like, "Oh, he doesn't mean it.
Oh, God, don't touch him."And if I say anything, I have people throwing rocks at me or trying to hit me like Goliath and take my head at the same time.
And I'm saying, I'm not trying to speak nothing. Same thing with Bibi.
"You anti-semitic non-Christian man."I said I love the Jews more than you'll ever know.
It had nothing to do with it. I ain't talking trash about nobody.
I'm trying to warn you what I'm hearing in the spirit that Bibi is...
I saw him be taken out by an assassin. I'm trying to warn you about these things.
And people think, "Well, Brandon..."and they get mad at me.
I just want to keep it to myself. Why do I have to say this stuff?
Because they don't have ears to hear anyway, as these people all have their heads in the sand and they're on some kind of weird crack—the way the Christians act.
And they are just like Trump Derangement Syndrome. And I love Trump just as much as you all.
I pray for him. But the body of Christ has a sickness about it. They act weird and there is no balance to it.
And the Lord said, "It's idolatry to me the way they look at him.
And I told you, I'll have no other gods before me."And he isn't a king. He's a man.
And he said, "It's not going to be popular, but you tell them what I say."And I can tell you there's a lot of prophetic channels that—I don't want to be rude—but they are a bunch of brown-nose rear-kissers.
And that's the way it is. And I'm going to tell you this: it has to stop.
The only person who's going to save America is the Lord Jesus Christ.
And you better put Jesus on the pedestal, not a man. He is flawed, and so are we.
And there's only one person that's going to save him, and that's Jesus.
He needs an awakening unto God just like every single one of us.
And people have exalted a man. And the Lord said this to me: "Should I go that far?
There's been a door of pride that has been opened and a great shaking to awaken.
For the bride will be brought back to my side. For I am coming.
A wound that will not be fatal in the days ahead."That's what he said.
A shaking across this world. A shaking. And I saw the headlines and newspapers.
I saw the headlines and things that I saw coming. And the Lord—I'm not going to say all of what I saw.
And the Lord said, "This is why I told the church to pray."But he shook me.
So if you want to unsubscribe, bye. I told you, pray for the man. Pray for him. But there will be no other gods before our God.
And there will be no church that looks to a man to save anything other than the Lord Jesus Christ.
He can use him, but you don't idolize him. He will use me, but you don't idolize me.
You don't idolize Kathryn Kuhlman. You don't idolize whoever.
You look to Jesus Christ because he is the one that's in control. I decrease that he increase.
And the moment you increase and you start looking at yourself like you're Jesus Christ and putting photos that way, you've opened a major door and you can defend them all you want to.
He said it was the root of the heart. It's the root and what is being displayed from the heart. What do you see? What do I see that you don't see?
He said, "Pray."So, it's not always easy being Brandon Biggs telling you what I hear, but I tell you with the fear of the Lord.
And I tell you, look to Jesus. He's the only one that's ever going to fix everything you need. He's the only one that can fix your economy.
Whenever the economy goes down and America will be humbled in the days ahead, America will be humbled.
And that's probably not a real popular message, but I saw it.
I saw shaking. I saw shaking. Lord said, "Pray for President Trump.
Pray for his kids. Pray for his family."So I continue to do it.
But if the church would stop idolizing people—we don't have a king, we have a president.
And it's the way the people look at him as a king; it's idolatry. And that's what the Lord was showing me: "I am the King.
There will be no other before me."And you say, "Well, that's not me."Well, then I'm not talking to you.
But there's millions of them that are. "I'm on the Trump train."I love him with all my heart.
I think he's a great guy. I'm sure I'd love to meet him one day.
I don't know if he'd want to meet me, but I'd meet him. Pray for him all the time.
But to be on the Trump Train and MAGA and to always think the things that we think because we're so leftist or right and all this, let's just go down the middle and say we're for Jesus.
I don't claim a political party. I'm not red. I'm not blue. I vote Republican every single time.
But I'm going to tell you this, for the corruption that I have seen on both sides concerning why we have a young man in California trying to have bills passed against him—if you say anything against the corruption in California and they're wanting to give you a $10,000 fine, and Elon Musk is talking about it because Nick Shirley's trying his best to expose it.
I said, "Why are the Republicans not doing this?"Because there's corruption among the Republicans.
There are Republicans on the Democrat side. They're both bad.
And the Lord said, "You must pray."But make sure he's doing his best. I told you, pray for that man's safety. Pray for his safety.
I've seen it more than once now: him being taken out by some deranged idiot on the side trying to hurt this kid. And the Lord said, "Pray for him.
He's more violent than even a Charlie Kirk."And it's sad to me, you know, he's probably doing it because he loves our nation or whatever, but it shouldn't be him, right?
Or should it be? Where's Pam Bondi at? She's fired. A new one's coming in, right? I just tell you this out of love. I'm not trying to be mean.
I'm trying to tell you what I heard, and there was a lot more to what he said, but I try to warn you.
So, throw rocks at me. Tell me Brandon's a false prophet. Whatever.
I did the best I can. Jeremiah had a hard too, right? And the Lord said, "Speak the hard things.
Tell them what's coming. Pray. Pray more. Stop looking at him the way we do."All right, let's pray.
That was not easy, but I told the Lord I'd do it today. I said, "I'll do it. I'll say it.
Regardless of whether Paula White says what she says or whoever says what they say, he may have gone through a hard time, but he didn't go through anything like Jesus Christ did.
Just to let you know, the Lord allowed me to see His crucifixion and I saw what He went through and it was the most gruesome death I can ever describe to you."And He said, "Brandon, I suffered greatly for every single one of them, that none of them should perish, but all come to repentance.
I suffered greatly."Do you understand? "I suffered so that they don't have to have sickness and disease.
I suffered so that they don't have to be poor. I suffered so that they could come with me and be with me in paradise forever."He allowed me to watch it.
I saw them with the cat-o'-nine-tails ripping His flesh off His body.
And I saw the agony on His face as it was being ripped off of Him.
I could see His bones. He allowed me to watch the whole thing.
It was the most gruesome thing. He said, "What do you not understand? That by My stripes you were healed.
I took it all for you."He said, "The same faith that it takes for you to believe that you're born again is the same faith that it takes for you to be healed."He said, "You don't realize you were once lost, but now you're found,"and what it takes for you to be able to say that and the miracle that it truly is: to be so lost, but now you're found.
I was blind, but now I see. You don't realize what I truly did for you by dying and suffering for you so that you don't have to kill a goat anymore.
You don't have to kill a calf. I was the ultimate sacrifice for you. I became sin. I became sickness. I took it all for you.
And you so flippantly say, "Lord, forgive me of my sins,"and you don't even realize what you're truly saying.
The wages of sin is death. Do you understand? The wages of sin is death. It leads you to hell.
But Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory over death, hell, and the grave.
He whipped it all once and for all. It is finished. I took your sickness.
I took your disease. I took your infirmities. I took poverty.
He became poor that we might be rich through His poverty. God took it all for you to walk in victory.
And He said, "You say it and you believe it, and you don't question it. I'm born again.
I believe it, but you don't question it."He said, "I took sickness the same way I took sin.
By My stripes, you are healed. Either you believe it or you don't."He said that I took the poverty for you.
I took it. You don't have to be mentally poor. You don't have to have anguish and fear and anxiety.
I took it all for you. He was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon Him, and with His stripes, we are healed. And that's what He said to me.
He said, "Believe it like you believe in salvation, Brandon."As I saw His flesh hanging off His body, as I could see His blood flowing so much that it was a pool of blood all around Him.
Then He picked Himself up. They shoved that crown down on His head more and they ripped pieces of His beard out of His face.
And He was in agonizing pain. I could see it. He didn't look human and He carried that cross and He died.
He had humongous holes in His hands and His feet, and He did it all for you and for me.
Then they pierced His side, and blood and water flowed. He said, "What more do you need?"That's what He asked me.
"What more do you need to know? What more? What more do you need?
I took it all for you."Because I asked Him—He showed me all this—and then the question I had in my heart was, "What does it take to be healed?
What does it take to walk in victory?"He said, "I took it all for you.
You believe it like a bulldog on a bone."He said, "You don't ever question your salvation, Brandon, but you don't realize the miracle that it truly is that you were once lost, but now you're found.
You don't realize what I did for you on that cross. You just flippantly say, 'I'm saved.'"But He said, "The same thing I did for you then is what I did for your body.
I'm healed."Well, I have a symptom. Well, you have a symptom in your flesh, too.
It's called: sometimes we sin. But we don't ever question. I'm saved. I'm going to heaven.
If I die tonight, even if I drop a bad word when I get off this broadcast, you go, "I'm still saved."But sin separates.
Do you understand? But it's only by Him. He saved it all. It's all under the blood.
But He saved you and He healed you. He turned your life around.
But yet, we question it. And that's what the Lord said. You have a symptom.
I'm not moved by what I see. I'm not moved by what I feel. I'm moved by what the word of God says.
By His stripes, I am healed. I believe it. I'm fully persuaded.
And it's not a religious thing. It's just as real as salvation.
And that's why I try to tell you all about communion all the time. Do this often in remembrance of Him.
And that's why I try to tell you, you've got to get your heart right with Him as quick as possible because you're running out of time.
I try to bring salvation and tell you about it all the time. Unless a man is born again, he will not enter into the kingdom of God.
You must accept Jesus Christ because He loves you. And tonight, before I even go any further, I want to ask you: do you know my friend?
He suffered greatly for you. No man went through it. I don't care about a wound in Trump's ear or whatever.
Trump didn't die for you. Jesus Christ died for you. Jesus died for you to have victory.
He died and He suffered once and for all. To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
And there's no other way to the Father except through Him. Buddha won't get you there.
Muhammad won't get you there. No other false god will get you there. The only way to the Father is through the Lord Jesus Christ.
And if you confess Him and you believe in your heart that He is the Son of God and He rose from the dead on the third day, I believe you are saved.
But you've got to confess Him with your mouth and you've got to believe in your heart.
I believe with all my heart that tonight's your night for salvation.
If you're here and you tell me, "Brandon, I hear what you're saying. I know there's some truth there."It's all truth.
But in your mind, you're just trying to wrap your mind around why somebody would do that for you.
Why would Jesus die for me? Because He loves you. Well, it's a lot more than even that.
He gave His life for you because He wanted you to be a part of His family.
He wants you. He wants your generation. He wants every one of us.
I present it to you and I say all that after I experienced it. That's why it's so real to me.
After I saw what he went through, I present it to you even tonight.
Are you saved? If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
Would you go to hell? What? 'Well, I don't believe any of that.'Well, that's a bad gamble.
What if you're wrong? You are wrong. I'm here to tell you you're wrong.
But the only way I'm going to be able to convince you of it is if you experience, taste, and see that the Lord is good.
The moment you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
I believe that tonight is your night; you must be born again.
And if you feel that tugging on the inside of you and he's knocking on the door of your heart right now, just let him in.
He's a gentleman; he will not force himself in. But tonight, if I'm talking to you, I want you to say it in the comment section before we move on.
Say, 'Brandon, I want to be saved. Tonight's my night. I'm coming home. Brandon, will you pray for me? I want to be healed.
I want the manifestation of what I'm believing for in my body, that by his stripes I am healed.
Brandon, will you agree with me?'And I will. I believe with you and I'll agree with you.
If I'm talking to you right now, I want you to put in the comment section, 'Brandon, that's me.
I want to be saved.'I'm just going to say a simple prayer for you right now, and then after that, we're going to get right into taking communion and praying.
Okay? So, I want you to say: 'Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe that you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior. Forgive me of my sins.
Lord, wash me. Make me new. As of tonight, I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on sin. I turned my back on what I was doing in the world.
And from this day forward, I'm sold out to you. Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I believe you are the Son of God, and I do believe that you died for me, and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I thank you that you have forgiven me tonight. And from this day forward, I serve you with all I have.
I serve you with all my heart, all my mind, and all my strength. And I'll love you with everything I have.
Lord, I'll tell those around me about you and what you've done for me.
From this day forward, Lord, if I was to die tonight, I'll be with you in paradise forever.
I believe I'm saved. I receive it right now by faith. Amen.'If you just said that, I believe you just got born again.
He made it so a little five-year-old could do it. I just want to tell you: welcome home.
Now, what do you do? I'd find a Bible-believing church. Get plugged into a Bible-believing church.
Non-denominational is where we'd go. I'd go where they speak in tongues. Get plugged in there.
Tell the pastor, 'I need to be water-baptized.'Go on Wednesdays, go on Sundays, and go to Bible study.
Whatever they have going on, get plugged in so you understand the decision you just made to serve Jesus.
Now, if you don't have a Bible and you want one, all you have to do is email us in the description down below and say, 'Brandon, I would like to have a free Bible.'We'll send it to you, no questions asked.
We just want to love on you. We won't solicit you for anything else.
We never ask anybody for anything. Freely we've been given, freely we give it out. We just want to tell you we love you. We're praying for you.
All we ask you to do is like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and be a part of this YouTube channel.
Come here and pray with us. I believe the best is yet to come. Read your Bible every single day and pray, and the word of God will change you from the inside out.
You will know the truth, and the truth of God's word will set you free.
I truly believe in this beautiful book called the B-I-B-L-E. It's the book for me. Just read it. Start somewhere easy.
If you say, 'Well, this is too hard for me,'read Psalms or Proverbs.
It's easy. You start reading that and it will change you from the inside out.
Meditate on it. So, praise the Lord for all of you that got born again.
Welcome to the family here. We're going to take communion and we'll pray real quick.
I went a little longer, but I felt in my heart what the Holy Spirit said to do.
All right, ready? 61 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight so far.
Welcome home. All 61 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ, that's wonderful.
I pray that there'll be more and more throughout the day and in the next two days.
It's always around the same number. Isn't that interesting? Last time it was 57; Braden keeps tally.
So we're believing with all our heart that it will go into the tens of thousands here pretty quick when major prophetic events start to take place.
The Lord said that this will be a place of an oasis for people to come and drink in the days ahead.
He said, 'Brandon, I will bring the glory on the channel and they will get refreshed.
In doing so, they'll take it and distribute it out to other people.'I'm expecting the channel to double.
I'm expecting this channel to go from 611,000 subscribers to—what is that?
1.2 million. Ain't that amazing to even say? 1,222,000. That's a lot.
Father, we thank you for the body. We give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
We thank you, Father, for all that you've done and continue to do.
We lift up this body before you and by your stripes we are healed.
We thank you, Lord, that we no longer have sickness and disease in our body because of what you did for us.
We receive this right now in the name of Jesus. We take the blood and we make much of the blood, and I apply the blood over our minds and over us.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood. We thank you that it never loses its power. We apply the blood of Jesus all around us.
I thank you, Father, that the blood of Jesus Christ covers us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
We thank you, Lord, for the angels of the Lord that are camped around about us.
We lift up everyone's needs here tonight, that by the stripes of Jesus, they're healed. You say, 'Why?
I have all these things going on in me.'I believe that tonight is the expiration date for what they're believing for.
No matter if they've got stage four cancer, heart disease, Alzheimer's, dementia, or blood diseases, I believe that there's an expiration date starting tonight.
This is the turnaround for what you've been believing for. I believe that tonight is the night for your breakthrough.
I speak healing and wholeness and wellness over their bodies in the name of Jesus from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
We plead the blood of Jesus over them right now. We take this blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood that never loses its power. We cover our house, our finances, and our children.
We thank you, Lord, that the blood of Jesus never loses its power.
Great is your faithfulness to us. We thank you, Father, for what you did for us.
We plead the blood uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force over anything that you want to show us.
If there's anything else; if not, we'll close it and move on.
But Lord, we are here and we will pray for the nations. We will pray for that which is to come.
And we will pray for our president. We will pray for our vice president.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, even for Rubio. We cover all the family in the blood. We plead the blood over all of us.
And we thank you, Father, for what you did in Pauls Valley, that they stopped that kid and that nobody lost their life, that your hand was on it.
You had that principal there to stop this. And we thank you, Lord, that this is just the beginning of the miracles that we will see as we draw close to you in these last days.
This is a time of fun. The fun has just begun and it's for the church to rise up and be blessed in Jesus'name.
Amen. Amen. Who believes it? You believe it? I believe it. It's time for good days.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? You say, 'Brandon, do you see all this stuff?'Yes.
But I say it's what you want to focus on. It'll be like a quarter.
You can either focus on the dark—you can either focus on this side, which is the head—or you can focus on the tails.
But either one is on a quarter, dark or light, but it's that thin.
That's how it's going to be; it's going to be that thin. So, let's pray for President Trump right now.
Let's pray for JD Vance and all of them. Father, we thank you, Lord, for President Trump, that you give him wisdom concerning this nation.
Father, I pray a hedge around and about him. I thank you, Lord, that he is humbled before you, that his eyes are lifted towards you and looking toward himself.
Father, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly, that he has a Road to Damascus experience, and the body of Christ does not idolize any man, but that, Father, we pray for a man who is just leading our nation.
We lift him up before you in the name of Jesus. And we thank you, Father, that he's not perfect.
We're not perfect, but we're all looking to somebody who is: Jesus, the author and the finisher of our faith.
We believe, Father, that you're leading and guiding this nation.
We pray over President Trump. We pray over his heart, his mind, his emotions.
We thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against him would prosper.
We thank you, Lord, that there's a hedge around and about him. No bullets.
A thousand shall fall at his side and 10,000 at his right hand, but nothing shall come nigh him.
We apply the blood over President Trump. We apply the blood over his marriage, over his children.
We cover Eric, Don Jr., Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka. All of them in the name of Jesus and the blood.
We thank you for supernatural wisdom, Father, over his children, that they are excelling in every area of their life.
We thank you, Lord, that there's a protection around them, that a thousand shall fall at their side, especially over Don Jr.
and Eric for what I have seen. We cover the sons in the blood. We cover every plot, every plan, every pursuit to try to kill, steal, and destroy.
We tell you, Satan, you're under our feet and you will not touch the boys.
You will not touch his daughters. We cover them in the blood.
We cover his children in the blood. We thank you, Lord, that his marriage is strong.
We pray over his marriage right now in the name of Jesus, that the First Lady is doing good and that she's healthy, whole, and well, and their marriage is strong in Jesus'name.
Father, I thank you for JD Vance, Lord. And if he's the next leader over this nation and Rubio, I ask you, God, for supernatural covering over them as they get ready in the next two years or whenever you say.
I pray there's no impeachment. I pray, Father, there's no impeachment and no removing, Father, that this nation will rise up and we vote like we're supposed to: godly.
And that, Father, there will be good, godly people rise up in positions like we pray for Mike Lindell.
We pray for Mike Lindell to win by a landslide. I thank you, Father, that Mike Lindell is blessed, that he will win Minnesota.
And we have other people who are running for office who will be good, godly people who will say, 'Hey, we're done with the corruption in this nation.
We're done with the corruption in Minnesota, California, Texas, Nevada, New Mexico, and all over this nation.
We're done with the corruption.'We take authority over this and we say in the name of Jesus: all hidden things be revealed.
All hidden things be revealed and exposed and cleaned up in Jesus'name.
We would have the right people at the right time in the right place being able to see the corruption over this nation and have it uncovered in Jesus'name.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we have better people in office; that all the embezzlement and all the things that are happening, Father, will be brought to light when it comes to taxpayer-funded dollars now.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that President Trump has a backbone like a crowbar and we finish the war in Iran.
This is not long-lasting; it ends and we go on to Cuba and liberate the people of Cuba.
We thank you, Lord, that the Castros are out of commission. They're not in office anymore.
And people like good, godly men are going to run Cuba in Jesus'name, or a godly woman either way.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that Cuba is going to be liberated in a 24-hour period. We're going to start to see it turn in Jesus'name.
We call liberation over Cuba, Venezuela in a greater way, over Colombia and Brazil, and over Argentina.
And Father, the greatest revival over these areas that the world has ever seen before—over the Panama Canal, we call a major shaking to awaken in Jesus'name.
We thank you for Africa. Father, we pray over Africa in the name of Jesus.
From Nigeria all the way around, we call a major revival over Africa, South Africa, all these areas.
We thank you, Lord, that there is a major move of God greater than even what we saw with Reinhard Bonnke.
Thank you, Lord, that Europe—that the days of Macron are almost over.
That, Father, this guy who is homosexual will not win. I thank you, Lord, that woman will win.
Everybody says, 'Well, she's better than...'Well, I believe that anything's better than Macron.
And I thank you, Lord, for raising up that woman, that she'll have a backbone like a crowbar. That they will win.
They will vote for her and the corruption in France will not be; Father, you're giving France another round.
I thank you, Lord, that that man who is—I don't know his name, I don't want to keep referring to him as homosexual, but—Father, I thank you, Lord, that he does not win, that the woman wins.
And I thank you, Lord, that Macron is going to retire because he's out of a job.
Gabriel. Gabriel. Wow. Are you serious? Gabriel. Wait, we need to change your name.
Father, I thank you, Lord. I don't know what to say. I shouldn't say all that.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that Gabriel does not win. I thank you, Lord, that the woman would win.
And we thank you, Lord, for a changing of France's politics. Get serious here for a minute. We push on that.
We thank you, Lord, that Gabriel will not win, that France will have...
who is the lady? I just felt in my heart to pray over France's election.
I know it's in 2027. Marine Le Pen. Yeah, Le Pen, Le Pen, we thank you, Lord, that she wins by a landslide.
If that's what we have to work with, Father, I thank you, Lord.
I don't know much about them, but Lord, we just ask for revival in France. We ask for a turnaround in France.
We thank you, Lord, that there's revival in Canada and a turnaround in Canada.
Father, that they will not do what they're planning on doing by trying to vote for their first amendment, whatever it is, to be taken away.
That they will have the right of free speech to be able to say what they need to say in Canada.
We call a stirring right now in Canada, with the Senate and their House.
Father, we call forth a blessing over the people of Canada—for the pastors, the teachers, the prophets, the evangelists.
Father, that they will not be suppressed. That this will be a time of flourishing.
And every plot, every plan of the wicked, it is not time yet. It's time for revival. Thank you, Father, over Mark Carney.
Father, in these days—Father, I don't know how long his office is, but Father, I know he just got replaced back from Justin Trudeau.
We pray over President Trump tonight, though. We pray for a fire, a refining fire inside him.
We call a stirring. Father, that you would not be finished yet.
Father, there will be a stirring that you forgive the people for having idolatry in their hearts.
Father, you forgive the people. They cry out and repent for having this idolatry. This, what you call, Father, they would turn.
You said, "If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways,"Father, that we don't look at a man to save America, but we look to you.
And we repent for exalting a man above you. Forgive us, Lord.
Forgive the body of Christ of America, Father, for exalting a man above you. That we only look to Jesus to save America.
You may use certain individuals, but we'll never look to them to fix anything. We're looking to you to fix it through them.
And we humble ourselves into your hand, Father, and we believe that in due time, you exalt us.
You fix it, Lord. And Father, we're just a vessel that is used by you.
We plead the blood of Jesus all around our nation—from every oil well, gas well, the petroleum plants in Houston, all over the New Orleans area, wherever they may be.
God, I cover our refineries in the blood. I cover our oil rigs in the blood, our pipelines.
I thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus that Satan, you will not touch it.
We will not have plots; every plot, every plan that is across this land to kill, steal, and destroy, from Coachella to a high school shooting like we had there that was disrupted.
We thank you, Lord, that every plot, every plan, every pursuit across this land is brought to justice in the name of Jesus.
That the Homeland Security, our FBI, our NSA, all our local law enforcement, our sheriff's departments would have their eyes open and they're alert more now than they've ever been.
They're watching our oil refineries. They're watching our oil wells.
I thank you, Lord, that supernatural provision is over us. That you turn this economy around in the name of Jesus.
That Jerome Powell would just quit and move on. Say, "I'm done.
I'm ready to move on. I'm ready to retire."You just put on his heart. It's time for him to move on. Let him move on, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, that Jerome Powell, it's time for you to find a new job. Go out and work at a bank somewhere.
Thank you, Father, that we turn this nation around, that there will be a season of window of opportunity for the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
That we'll see the supernatural debt cancellation power over our finances.
And that, Father, this will be a time of a great pouring out instead of a Great Depression.
We say it's a time of good days for the body of Christ, that we will not be back down and busted and disgusted, but we'll rise above all this poverty, all this lack.
And we'll say, "Hey, we're the head and not the tail. We're above and not beneath.
We're going through. We're not going under."We plead the blood over our finances. We plead the blood over the church finances.
We say in the name of Jesus, it's time for the exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
Thank you, Lord, that you're stirring in our nation. The interest rates and things are doing better.
Thank you, Lord. Gas prices are coming down. Thank you, Lord.
We're not sad and wearing a frown, Father, that we're excited about what's going on in this world because we see that we are looking up, for we know our redemption draws nigh.
We pray for every person that's here tonight, Father, for everything they're believing for in their finances, for jobs and better jobs.
It's like one man said, "Brandon, I'm believing for a new job."I believe, Father, for supernatural jobs, favor to get those jobs.
I thank you, Lord, that they'll lack no good thing. They're excelling above everybody else, Father, because we are your children and we represent you and we represent you well.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that this will be a nation that is on fire for you.
That you said this will not be a goat nation. We will remain a sheep nation, one nation unto God.
We pray that over our nation in the name of Jesus. We pray over Australia and their oil refinery and all that's going on down there.
I thank you, Father, right now in the name of Jesus. They get that fire put out.
They find out who did it and why it was done. They probably already know. Probably make up an excuse, but Father, we know.
We know, Father, what we see going on right now concerning oil and all the things that are happening about the petrodollar and all the things that you've showed us.
It's all part of the plan. I'm finally starting to hit it. I'm able to right then.
I just touched it. Okay. So, I saw the hurricanes and I was looking in the Gulf.
Come breathe upon me, breath of God. Breathe upon me, spirit of the Lord.
Come breathe upon me. Be sure that we seek you. We seek you and we'll find you.
That you said we can knock and the door will be opened. Surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life.
And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. I don't know the rest of the words.
I hear these songs from when I was a little boy. You have this song, the words.
So there's power in that., He wants to take you all so much deeper with him.
There's so many of you all are just right on the edge. I see so many of you at the water's edge.
Taste and see that the Lord is good in your life. Drink from the well that never shall run dry.
Fill their cup, Lord. They lift it up. Lord, come and quench this thirsting of their soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill their cup, fill it up and make them whole.
I see in the vision when I was looking at it, I could see so many of you on the water's edge and you were just looking at the water and the water was so beautiful and it was so vast and so deep.
It never runs dry. But there's so many of you that don't feel worthy enough to drink because of what you think you've been doing.
"Well, he'll not let me drink. He'll not let me drink from the well that never runs dry.
I have all this going on in my life."But I see you're so hesitant and you're at that water's edge.
And tonight, the Lord says, "Come. The Master's calling. Come and dine.
Drink from the well that never shall run dry."He wants you to be refreshed. He said, "Tell them to drink, Brandon.
Drink from the well."You say, "How do I do that?"I yield to the anointing and the presence of the Holy Spirit.
I yield to you. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed us till we want no more. Fill our cup; we lift it up and make us whole.
We're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost, but we leak out, so you just have to keep drinking from the well.
Go to that river, to that place of provision and surrender. I surrender all.
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life.
He restoreth my soul when I was weary. He giveth me strength day by day.
He leads me beside the still waters. He guards me each step of the way.
And I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever. And I shall feast at the table spread for me.
Surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life. Thank you, Lord, for the goodness and your mercy.
Thank you that it's running me down and taking us over, that we're not running anymore, that we're yielding and sitting at that table.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? There's so much love and joy in him—joy unspeakable and full of glory.
We just have to get in. I'm not going to be all elegant. When I see that, I'm not tiptoeing in.
You're going to see me flailing my arms. I'm going to be running there. It's going to be ugly; I'm splashing.
I've got my legs flipping and flopping in that water because I'm out there.
You see the water going up, and Brandon looks like a cow running into the water.
I'm going to be splashing in that water because I'm just going to dive all in and get wet.
I won't be polite about it. They'll go, 'Wow, Brandon, look at you.'Cannonball!
I'm all in. I want all that he has for me. I'm cannonballing off the diving board.
I want to be so saturated with him. I know in whom I have believed.
I'm so thirsty. Come fill my cup, Lord. We need another drink.
No, there's more. I want to be drowning in it. I want to be in the glory.
I want to be so saturated that I'm in from head to toe. There's no place on my skin that's not wet with the glory of God.
There's no reason to be dry. He has a well that never runs dry.
He has a fountain that never runs dry. Drink from the fountain.
Oh, Father, we thank you that we taste and see that the Lord is good in every one of our lives tonight.
We don't just stay at the water's edge. We're jumping in with all we've got.
We're jumping in the middle of the water on a rope swing. I'm going to do whatever I can to get in the middle of that river.
Whatever it takes, I want to flow with the river of the Holy Ghost. Braden brings it out.
Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good; blessed is the man that trusteth in him.
Psalm 34:8. We drink from the well that shall never run dry. Changed from the inside out.
Create in me a clean heart. Lord, you are the potter; we are the clay. Mold us and make us each day. Search us and know us, Father.
We want to go to the deep part of the river, the lake, the ocean, wherever we may be.
We want to just get saturated with you. We are sold out to you.
We know that in you we can have whatever we need when we seek first the kingdom, and all these things will be added unto you.
Seek ye first the kingdom. We're seeking you, and in this, you said we will find you.
All that we need is at your feet. Father, we don't need anything apart from you. We need you and we yield ourselves over to you.
No matter what we see going on in our nations, from Australia to Africa to Europe, Canada, and Mexico, we see all that's going on.
But Jesus, you have the answer for it all. You're worthy of it all.
You deserve the glory. Saturate us from our head to our toe. We take the care out of our prayer.
The cares of life try to suffocate the things that we're believing for. I am being careful for nothing.
Be careful for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God.
Philippians 4:6-7. We're not going to have care. We thank you, Lord, that we're saturated and in that overflow harvest right now.
We thank you, Lord, that the glory of the Lord is risen on us, that we arise and shine, and the peace of God which passes all understanding shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.
We take the care out of our prayer today. We see all that's going on.
You've told us to pray over the 18th. We're not in care about the 18th.
We're careful for nothing. We're just thanking you, Lord, that you've got Coachella.
We thank you, Lord, that all the hidden things be revealed concerning the marathon at Boston and our transit in the subway system.
We come against the attacks against our transit systems, against our oil wells, against our infrastructure, against mass shootings.
In the name of Jesus, the thief has been found. You cease and desist in your maneuvering against these nations.
Satan, you let go of it in Jesus'name. We call financial blessing over our households.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness in Jesus'name. We call for rain. Five inches of rain.
We speak for the jet stream to bring low-pressure systems of rain and bring the Gulf moisture over our areas.
We say record-breaking, toad-strangling rain, come in Jesus'name.
Not destructive, but fill our ponds and streams and water our crops for spring to give us a good harvest.
We take authority over drought and lack of rain and say, 'Bow your knee.'Let go of our rain.
Weather manipulation and weather modification, we come against this man-made destruction and say, 'Cease and desist in your maneuvering.'Rain, come over Australia, New Zealand, Africa, and the Philippines.
Oh God, we thank you for rain over America and Canada. Father, you know, and as every one of us is crying out, we call it forth.
We take our authority. You take it over your ear. We say we're not in drought no more. We have here the sound of an abundance of rain.
This is a time of the greatest outpouring, and it will be the rain of the Holy Ghost, too.
We take authority over... Can these bones live? I hear the rain.
How dead is dead? Remember, though they were dead, yet shall they live.
Even in the decay when they said Lazarus stinks. "He stinketh by now, Lord."Only believe.
Only believe. Isn't that amazing to think that Jesus said unto her, "I am the resurrection and the life.
He that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live.
And whosoever lives and believes in me shall never die."Isn't that...?
And he said, "Believest thou this?"John 11, verses 25 through 26. Jesus said unto her, "I am the resurrection and life.
He that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live."I don't care how dead is dead; in these last days, God said, "Though he were dead, yet shall he live."And that's for spiritual resurrection, too.
You say, "I would..."You're dead spiritually? Get in that river. Get on in that water.
"Out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water."We're calling that river of living water out of you.
In the name of Jesus, we call you stirred up. We call you baptized in the Holy Ghost.
We call that river of water in the name of Jesus, flowing up out of you, that will never run dry.
A refreshing is coming to the household. A refreshing is coming to the husband, the wife, the children.
A refreshing is coming—a Holy Ghost refreshing. We get so weary in well-doing, and we get so empty.
What good can we do to the world around us if we are dehydrated? Do you understand why he's doing this tonight?
There are so many of you who are spiritually dehydrated, and that made you spiritually constipated.
You don't even have bowel movements spiritually. You're so constipated because you're so dehydrated.
And the Lord wants you to be flowing. What good is a constipated Christian that's full of just dryness?
They can't even find your vein at the doctor's office because you're so dehydrated.
You're at the Holy Ghost doctor, and he's saying you need a drink.
Drink from the well that never shall run dry. Stop being constipated. I don't know where that... that's the Holy Ghost.
I'm telling you, there's many of you who are spiritually constipated.
I'm not trying to be funny. It's real. And you've got to get hydrated.
You've got to learn to drink. And the Lord... I saw you in a vision.
There's many of you, like I said, you're up at that water's edge and you refuse to...
"Well, I'm not good enough."The Lord said you are good. He made you good enough.
It wasn't by what you do. You can't do enough to earn what he did.
It's all by his grace. Do you understand? You're qualified just because he says you are.
He paid the price for you to qualify. He bought your ticket. You didn't pay for the ticket; he gave you the ticket.
This is a one-way ticket. This is straight to heaven right here.
I got the ticket. I got a hold of it. Did I pay for it? No, he did.
He gave it to me. He said, "I got your ticket right here, son. All you got to do is accept it by faith."Do you get that?
I accept the ticket by faith. I accept what you did for me by faith.
It is an exchange. The moment he said, "I paid for it. This is yours.
Do you want it?"Drink from the well that never shall run dry. "Do you want it? Here's a ticket.
Drink."I paid all I needed to pay for you to have all the water you need.
But it's your choice to get down there and drink it. Drink from the well.
You've got to do it by faith. I receive spiritual hydration tonight.
How? Jesus said unto her, "I am the resurrection and the life.
He that believes in me, though he were dead—spiritually, physically, it don't matter—yet shall he live."I believe.
I believe he is resurrecting me inside. I believe I'm spiritually hydrated tonight.
I'm not going to be spiritually constipated. My body's moving like it's supposed to.
I am drinking from the well. People get spiritually constipated and you get real cranky.
Why? Because it makes you feel sick. You don't feel right. Why?
Because he called you to drink. Drink from the well. People who are constipated are cranky.
You don't feel right. Drink. Let it flow. Drink from the well.
Oh, Father. Oh, we taste and see that the Lord is good. Isn't that right, Braden?
Yeah. Just think about that—what he's saying tonight. He wants you refreshed.
He wants the people refreshed. We worship you. You're worthy of it all, Lord.
You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it all. That's what he's looking for.
I can see that we don't go to him as spiritual adults; we go to him as children.
How do children do it? They just trust. There's no question.
They don't try to reason. I just believe what you said you would do, you would do it.
They've not been desensitized to not trust yet. You know, they haven't been let down.
Children just believe. That's where we come to him as little children. We say, "Oh, I believe. I believe."We receive.
Thank you, Father, for every nation that's represented here tonight.
I wait on you, Holy Spirit. I'm trying to figure out what direction you want me to go. Thank you, Father.
Now, Father, as we pray over Coachella, as we pray over the Red Cross, every decision he's about to make—Trump.
I see the decisions. Major decision concerning Cuba. I see people at a table.
I see strategy. Oh Lord, we thank you, Lord, that there's great wisdom leading him today.
We pray over his mind. We pray over his body. We thank you, Lord, that he will finish the task at hand.
I see it right there. Cuba. It falls within a day. Oh, I see a bronze hand.
I see a great bronze hand lifting a man up in the middle, and the hand is doing this.
In this, I see the hands—they're bronze hands. They look like thick bronze.
It's almost like rock, but it's a bronze color. And I see a man in the center of a hand with a suit on, with black hair.
It's a blue suit. It's a skinny man. And he is lifted up. I see these hands that look like this. Do you see this, son?
And the man is standing in the middle of the palm of the hand right there as it's spread out like this.
And the man is standing, looking at the vast fingers. They're bronze.
It's Rubio. It's Rubio. It's Rubio standing there. That's Rubio.
Pray this as it's concerning Cuba. It's personal to him. It's personal in his family.
The Lord... this is personal to him for other lineage of his family. This is personal to him.
I see cousins, relatives that were attached to his mom and his father.
I see these family members every day. And these hands, these bronze hands...
He will use this man, and it will bring liberty across the land as he was a native like this.
The Cold War. The Cold War. The Cold War. The Cold War. I see things that are attached from the Cold War—the angle.
I see Russia. I see the old Iron Curtain. KGB. EOS The EOS brand.
The EOS It's down. What's down underneath that bunker from the Cold War?
Don't underestimate them. That's what the Lord said. Don't go at this with pride.
They have a secret thing inside. Don't go at this with pride.
And he wants to use it. And he wants to use it. And I know it's from the Cold War.
There's a Cold War. It's from Russia. There are things there that you do not know from the Cold War.
It's a secret thing. It's a briefcase there. It's dirty. This is dirty from the Cold War.
You need to be able to see it. We are talking to Rubio. We are talking to Trump.
Be able to see it. I see these sniffers. I hear the word sniffers in the air.
They're using sniffers. I hear sniffers over the area. They're looking for sniffers.
This is what the Lord says: I hear the word; I hear it's a sniffer.
They're sniffing it. I see a big nose and they're sniffing it.
And they are trying to see it. Why can't you see it? It's under this.
It's underlaid. You must not see it. They want to see it. There are canisters.
I see these canisters with chemical warfare. It's a lab, and it's not a big one.
It's just a little one, but it's enough to do a lot of damage. It's under the mountain.
It's by the mountain. It's in a bunker. There's an entrance on the mountain and it goes down into a fortified bunker.
I see it on the side of the mountain facing towards America. Pray for the sniffers; that's what I hear.
They have to smell it. Father, I thank you for the sniffers. They'll sniff it; they'll find it.
And I see it go like a mushroom cloud. I see waves that look like a circle going over the land.
I see a wave of energy coming out with a fireball in the middle, and this is like Hiroshima.
It's tactical. It's small. It was a trade in the Cold War. The KGB during the Cuban Missile Crisis era.
It's not the man that's in power; it's the one that was before.
The old man with the beard. I see the old man with the beard, Fidel Castro.
He did this. It's something that he did with Russia. It's not the slick guy with the hair; it's the old man.
There was something that happened in exchange, and it's this weapon.
I'm just looking into this. It's like he wants to make it where nobody can be there. If we can't have it, no one can.
He would almost—this guy is crazy enough to use it on his own people out of the mountain.
I see Miami through mules. Mules—that's what that container is.
Remember the three dragons coming up out of the water out of Cuba?
It was a dragon with a purple face coming up in the middle of the night and it had a canister.
Remember, three times the dragon came up out of the water out of Havana.
The Lord said, 'Pay attention to that dragon.'And then I heard mules.
Thank you, Father. The Lord doesn't want to show any more about it. He said you're done today for that.
Because of our president, he has the Coast Guard searching, so it's hard for them to get drugs or anything over here now.
We have so much Coast Guard in the water. I see our boats monitoring.
It's hard for them to try to retaliate on our own land because of the Coast Guard alerting for the mules.
Our Coast Guard is at more of an alert than it's ever been because of Trump.
I see our boats that say Coast Guard and I see a radar on them. They have sonar.
It's trolling all along our water's edge, going all the way through the islands, through Key West.
I see sonar boats, and they can't get past them because our Coast Guard and Navy are keeping us safe.
This is concerning how they retaliate against us. Thank God for Trump.
For the mules, Braden trying to figure out how to strap a payload onto—they don't have big rockets like Iran.
They have weapons, but it's nothing compared to what that old man did.
It makes them feel braver. There's something there from the Cold War.
Pray for Rubio. Pray for the bronze hands. We pray for Trump and Rubio.
We pray for wisdom over our cabinet concerning our military and our Pentagon and what they're sniffing.
Uncover the sniffing; uncover this sniff. All hidden things be revealed.
Thank you, Father. It has to be by surprise. Too much chattering.
We pray for all our military. We pray for our Navy SEALs. Every SEAL team.
A bomb to the east. The bomb in the east. Borough. We thank you, Lord, for our SEAL teams and that you protect them.
Put angels around them. I see a mist. I see an infection on the skin, and it's a circle.
It causes boils, and this biological agent causes boils with a center that looks like a matchstick, almost like smallpox.
You can see white pus on these boils on the skin; these red circles have an infection from a sickness.
They're like boils with white infection that's oozing. I see it on the body, kind of like chickenpox but worse.
It's an oozing, open wound. It looks very painful. I see a red wound, probably the size of a dime, and there's black-looking stuff.
We thank you, Lord, for the SEAL team with the golden crosses.
You protect our men in service. Angels. We pray for our military.
We thank you, Lord, for giving President Trump the right intel.
Now the Lord has passed that; how will the people react to it on the world stage?
It's not happy. Sovereign; another sovereign nation. I hear war crimes and a stirring.
And even over Boston, over all of Boston, over New York. Oh my goodness, Lord.
Over every avenue, we call an uncovering over these areas. Father, I see a storm again, y'all.
Over Boston and New York, I see a storm. Many 9/11s. I see something trying to happen.
Oh Lord, over Boston, we pray. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord, for Boston.
They have sniffers there, too. I see sniffers there, too. It's different; it's like it's on the poles.
It's not air sniffers; it's actually on the street. We thank You, Lord, that You keep our people safe.
Thank You, Father. Thank You, Lord, that You keep our people safe.
You're so good to us. But, Father, they will find these people. I see them; they're so clear.
You're going to find every single one of them and bring them in.
It's more than just one; there's a group of them. I see them. Do you remember I told you what they looked like before?
I saw a woman and two men. There's actually more of them; I can see several more.
The woman and two men look like they're friends, and I can see more of them.
Thank you, Lord. The Lord said we're done today. Well, praise the Lord to all of you who stayed and prayed with me.
Thank you. I know it went a little longer, but I don't care. We had work to do, and the Lord is in control, not me.
But you need to take this very seriously and continue to pray over what I just saw.
There's great detail to this and great danger. So, you need to pray for our military, President Trump, and our nation.
This is a time to be in heightened prayer like we've never been as a nation, and pray for our president and our leaders.
We need to lift them up in prayer and continue to lift up their minds and the decisions that they will make in the coming days. That's very serious. We love you all.
We pray this video blessed you, and you all come back again with me strong tomorrow, and we will continue to pray and lift up the nation.
God bless you all. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you. God bless you. Bye-bye.